you
yep mount tabor and i've got about 40
people today well the taper is a really
big big big Park and I'm on the other
end of it so I'm in this would it grow
very over here kind of an open area it's
got a couple playground items and I
noticed the over I'm on the south end of
the park I noticed over on the south end
over there's some stairs it looks like a
natural amphitheater take a little
theater to walk back over and hit and
then above that there are some nice
areas right above the South End where
the reservoir is there's a couple nice
flat spot and I walk through the middle
mostly wooded trees kind of looking like
this so didn't find much picked up a few
dimes nickels pennies and sets on some
of that I'm gonna walk around through
here and see if I can pick up anything
you know that's that's a nasty thing and
I don't want to step in this there's one
there if I am NOT watching my step
they're all over the place back to I saw
science it's a bike dog off leash area
and stuff like that so be careful I mean
I almost ran my coil through that rat to
get to whatever's right here and kind of
like in the quarter
so in the first quarter of the day but
kind of like this natural wooded area
cuz you don't have to be as vanessi
about your holes but you do want to make
sure you cover them back up and make
them look more natural so yeah so I keep
going hope I find a lot more like
well that's a looking looking toward the
west
so that's Portland over there this is
the Westside reservoir there but there's
a lot of us here today and this is such
a huge park
they've only run into a couple people so
far but yeah it's a really quiet I don't
know if these other guys are having any
luck I'm sure some of them are having
some really good luck but that really
quiet for me I'm really where nobody
would actually walk which is not a good
place to be when you're competing
against a whole bunch of other guys for
point but I am making my way down and
out of here but this is what we're
running into this is what I'm running
into today and you know you dig them
because you just don't know what you're
gonna find
and besides that a lot of times when you
dig this stuff bald caps bald cap some
wine bottle caps a lot of times when you
dig this stuff up a place like this has
been hunted over that that right there
might be masking another coin that's
underneath it and you know another
detectorists will say that see the same
thing that I just saw and walk right by
it
so you know I dig these and you know I
hope that there's something else
underneath there that this was masking
so but that's what I'm finding today a
lot of bottle caps
that's a quarter and you know the funny
thing is is that when I said volleyball
is off the beaten path you know and and
I still haven't gotten off this hill but
you know as I walked through this little
really kind of a steep incline you know
beer bottle cap beer bottle cap it
actually is a really nice place to sit
on a clear night and and and see this
the lights of Portland so I kinda that's
what I kind of do and then that would be
a really good spot right down there
where those guys are right now right on
that Ridge right down there people would
probably sit there with their blanket
and see Portland and I'm up here I get a
ball cap I got some other unusual stuff
and well one other usual thing and then
I'm walking up the trail here by the
tree because you know it's raining right
now and something I'd like to sit here
to the tree and after the beer or
whatever it is and lose their money so
I'll take it just hope there's more
you